Ladies and gentlemen, first up we have a pristine Arcanite Reaper – barely used! Once wielded by a Level 60 who met their end in Blackrock Depths. Starting bid? A mere 200 gold!

Now presenting... the coveted Hand of Ragnaros. Its previous owner? Let's just say Molten Core was hotter than they expected. Do I hear 500 gold?

Up next, a rare Perdition's Blade! Last seen in the hands of a rogue who... let's just say, forgot about the patrol in Stratholme. How about a starting bid of 350 gold?

Behold, a fully powered Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker! (And yes, I just said Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker.) The previous paladin owner thought Bubble-Hearth would save him. He thought wrong. Opening at 1000 gold!

This set of Shadowcraft Armor may look pristine, but its owner faced an unfortunate demise in Scholomance. Are we starting at 150 gold?

Who's in the market for an Elementium Ore? Freshly mined by a brave soul who didn't quite dodge the dragonkin in Blackwing Lair. Bidding starts at 25 gold apiece!

Feast your eyes on this Flarecore Robe. The previous mage owner blinked into a mob... and not out of it. How about we kick things off at 200 gold?

Ladies and gents, the ever-elusive Black Lotus. Last picked by a herbalist who got a tad too close to some elite mobs. Starting bid? 100 gold!

Now this is a treat – a pristine Quel'Serrar. The warrior who owned it? He now rests at the bottom of Serpent Lake. Let's start the bidding at 400 gold.

And finally, the pièce de résistance! An untouched Head of Onyxia. Last held by a brave tank who... well, didn't know when to run away from Deep Breath. Who's giving me 600 gold to start?

Step right up and check out this Staff of Dominance! Last wielded by a mage who thought Frost Nova would save him from a Horde raid. How does 300 gold sound to kick things off?

Who's in the mood for a Skullflame Shield? The previous owner, a paladin, learned the hard way that divine intervention doesn't work against lava. Bidding starts at a friendly 250 gold.

For the leather enthusiasts, we've got a pristine set of Warlord's Dragonhide armor. Its owner tried to solo Azuregos... need I say more? Let's get the ball rolling at 180 gold.

Oh boy, this is a gem – the Chromatically Tempered Sword! The last rogue to hold this tried to backstab a sleeping dragon. We all know how that story ends. Opening bid? A cool 450 gold!

Attention healers, we have a Benediction here – the priest who last prayed with this thought he could outheal the C'Thun beam. Let's show some respect and start at 500 gold!

For those with a penchant for destruction, behold the Sulfuron Hammer! Its last blacksmith owner was too busy looking at its beauty and not the Horde rogue sneaking up on him. Shall we start at 350 gold?

Behold, a Glowing Brightwood Staff! Perfect for any spellcaster. The previous owner? Got polymorphed one too many times in a duel. Starting bid is a reasonable 150 gold.

Hunter enthusiasts, we've got a Blackcrow crossbow here. The last hunter thought he could tame Broodlord Lashlayer. Spoiler: He couldn’t. Who's giving me 220 gold to start?

Look at this glorious Robe of the Archmage! Tailored by someone who... well, let’s just say they didn’t respect the sheep. Bidding starts at 280 gold!

And for our last item, a prized Barman Shanker. Last seen in the hands of a rogue who tried to pickpocket the wrong NPC. How about an opening bid of 100 gold?

First up, we have a practically untouched Journeyman's Vest. Its previous owner? Let's just say Murlocs are trickier than they look. Starting bid? A modest 2 silver!

Who's in need of a trusty Frayed Belt? The last rogue to wear this decided to pick a fight with Hogger. Mistakes were made. Who's giving me a copper to kick things off?

Take a gander at this Worn Shortbow! Ideal for those just starting their adventures. Last owned by a hunter who didn’t realize Moonbrook isn’t a friendly place. Bidding starts at 3 silver.

Attention budding mages, we've got a Darnassian Bleu – perfect for mana breaks! The mage who last snacked on this forgot to keep an eye on her surroundings in Goldshire. Let's start the bidding at 1 copper.

Here's a treat for early adventurers – a Green Linen Shirt, as stylish as it is iconic. Previously worn by a warlock who got overwhelmed at the Fargodeep Mine. How about 4 silver to kick off?

Check out this trusty Malachite – every jewelcrafter's dream! Mined by someone who... well, underestimated the respawn rate of Kobolds. Who's giving me 5 silver to start?

Up next, an almost-new Simple Dagger. Perfect for the newbie who means business. Its previous owner took 'For the Alliance' a bit too seriously in Tirisfal Glades. Starting bid at 2 silver and 50 copper?

For those cold nights in Dun Morogh, we have a Thick Cloth Vest. The last Dwarf to wear this thought a short swim in Iceflow Lake was a good idea. Brrr! How about a warm bid of 3 silver?

Sturdy Quarterstaff, anyone? Great for druids and monks alike! Last wielded by a monk who thought he could roll his way through Westfall's Defias. Starting at 7 silver?

And finally, a prize for our budding herbalists – Earthroot. Picked by a brave soul who had a rather unexpected encounter with a rare mob. Let's get those potions brewing with a starting bid of 6 silver!

Let's kick things off with this pristine White Linen Robe. Perfect for any starting spellcaster. Last worn by a priest who thought exorcising the spirits in Duskwood was a walk in the park. Who's starting with 5 silver?

Up next, the iconic Small Leather Ammo Pouch! Its last owner, a young hunter, learned that kiting isn't as easy as it looks, especially around Moonbrook. Bidding begins at 1 silver, 50 copper!

For our warriors in the house, feast your eyes on this Patchwork Armor set. The previous brave soul found out the hard way that gnolls aren't as cuddly as they seem. Shall we start at 8 silver?

Who doesn’t love a solid Red Linen Bandana? Stylish and practical! Previously sported by a rogue who got a bit too sneaky in the Deadmines. What do you say, 2 silver to kick things off?

Look at this: a charming Wooden Mallet. Last used by a paladin trying to 'lay on hands' in Mulgore. It didn't end well. Starting bid? A humble 4 silver.

A treat for our spell slingers: Apprentice's Boots. Perfect for those long walks in Elwynn Forest or fleeing from unexpected Horde. Last owner forgot that sprinting in Teldrassil can lead to a big drop. How about 3 silver?

For those with a more spiritual touch, I present the Primitive Mantle. Ideal for young shamans. The previous owner? Learned that not all totems deter crocolisks. Let's get it started at 6 silver.

Here's a Small Green Pouch, for when your pockets just aren't enough. The previous adventurer learned that it doesn’t protect against pickpockets in Orgrimmar. Who's opening with 2 silver?

Say hello to the Soldier's Shield! Ideal for those unexpected skirmishes. Its last owner found out that murloc aggro isn't a joke. Shall we start the protection at 7 silver?

And finally, a treat for our alchemists: a vial of Silverleaf. Harvested by a hopeful herbalist who didn't notice that prowling Darkshore cat. Let's brew things up with a starting bid of 5 silver!

Step right up, folks! Feast your eyes on this gleaming Small Blue Pouch. Last owned by a warlock who thought voidwalkers made good swimming companions in Stranglethorn Vale. Starting the bid at a reasonable 2 silver?

Anyone need a trusty Flimsy Chain Cloak? Ideal for those chilly nights in the Barrens. Previously draped over a warrior who believed he could charge his way through a centaur camp. How about 3 silver to kick things off?

Here's a favorite for our budding spellcasters: a Cracked Scepter. Last seen in the hands of a mage who misjudged a Blink in Durotar. We’ve all been there, right? Let's start the magic at 4 silver!

Up next, a robust Large Blue Sack. Perfect for hoarding those Copper Ores. The previous owner? Found out the hard way that Goldshire isn’t always friendly. Starting bid? A mere 5 silver!

Look at these charming Rough Leather Boots. They might be a bit worn, but they've seen adventures! Last worn by a druid who thought bear form was enough to tank a bunch of moonkin. Shall we start at 3 silver, 50 copper?

For the fashion-forward, here's a simple but stylish Brown Linen Shirt. The last tailor got a bit too close to a band of restless Silverpine worgen. Who's up to start the bid at 1 silver?

Presenting the classic Small Round Shield. The previous paladin owner believed in the Light but forgot to believe in her health bar. Starting the bidding at 6 silver!

Who needs a Wooden Stock? It's a key ingredient for gun-making! Its last owner didn’t realize that crafting doesn't pause combat with boars. Who’s giving me 2 silver to start?

Ah, a well-made Worn Dagger. The rogue's best friend! This one has a history in the forests of Tirisfal Glades. And by history, I mean its last owner tried to ambush a spider too many. How about a starting bid of 3 silver?

Last but not least, we have a handful of Copper Bars. Smelted by a blacksmith who mistook a trogg camp for a friendly gathering. Let’s heat things up with a starting bid of 4 silver!

Alright, folks, next on the list, we've got a shiny Broken Fang. You might wonder, 'Saul, why would I need that?' Remember that noob warlock who thought he could solo the Wailing Caverns? His loss, your gain! Starting bid, 50 copper?

Who's in the mood for a Beaten Battle Axe? It might look a tad used, but it's got character! Swung last by a brave warrior who thought Razormane grounds were friendly. Who's in for 5 silver?

For the magicians among us, I present a Mystic's Robe. Its previous owner decided to teleport into a Horde camp. Spoiler alert: It wasn’t a party. Bidding starts at 6 silver.

Oh, check this out! A slightly singed Mage's Wand. Used once by a young mage who misunderstood 'Arcane Explosion' for 'Arcane Implosion'. (It happens to the best of us!) How about we ignite the bids at 4 silver?

Here's a rarity: Scorched Boots. They might look a tad crispy, but that's just character. Last worn by someone who didn't know that Darkshore has its name for a reason. Who’s starting at 3 silver?

Got a simple yet effective Training Sword here. Ideal for, well, training! Last swung by a paladin who confused the Defias for Stormwind guards. Honest mistake, right? Let’s start at 2 silver.

Ah, the trusty Cracked Leather Belt. Perfect for any outfit and occasion. Previously owned by a hunter who didn’t realize Growl doesn’t keep all the aggro. Who's belting out 1 silver?

For the sneaky ones, we've got a well-worn Soft-soled Linen Boots. The rogue who wore these? Tried to pickpocket a bear. We don’t talk about it. Starting bid at 5 silver?

Behold, a handful of Shiny Baubles! Ideal for those fishing trips in Mulgore. Just don't do what the last guy did and try to fish in lava. Who’s starting at 3 silver?

Last but not least, a humble Tattered Cloth Vest. It might not win you fashion contests, but it’s a piece of Azeroth history! Worn by a priest who mistook Mind Control for Mind Vision. Who’s giving me 2 silver to kick things off?

Ladies and gentlemen, a vintage Severing Axe! Might be a bit dull, but it's seen its share of action. The last orc to wield this figured he'd tame a plainstrider with it. Didn't go as planned. Opening bid at 4 silver?

Up next, a charming Gypsy Tunic. Perfect for those sunlit days in Westfall. Last worn by a mage who tried to make friends with a Dust Devil. How about a breezy 3 silver?

Who needs a Battered Buckler? A tad dented, but it's still got some block left in it! Previously strapped to a gnome who decided she could solo a yeti. Who's in for 5 silver?

Here's a fun one: a Disciple's Stein. Last filled by a dwarf who thought Dwarven Stout would boost his mana. Spoiler: It didn't. Starting bids at 2 silver?

Got a pair of Patchwork Gloves here! The stitching tells a story. Specifically, a tale of a young druid who thought he could charm a harpy with /dance. Who's giving me 3 silver to start?

Behold, the majestic Bent Staff. A little warped, but aren't we all? Last carried by a warlock who thought he could make peace with a Felsteed. Starting bid at 4 silver?

For our budding leatherworkers, a handful of Ruined Leather Scraps. The previous owner? Found out that quilboar aren’t big on trading. Who wants to stitch things up for 1 silver?

Ah, here's a treat: a Flanged Mace. Maybe more flanged than mace now, but hey, it's got history. Swung last by a paladin who tested the 'lay on hands' theory with a ghoul. Who's up for 6 silver?

A simple but essential Canvas Vest. Last worn by a rogue who, turns out, wasn't as stealthy as he thought in the Echo Isles. How about we wrap this up starting at 3 silver?

And finally, let's lighten things up with a Bright Bauble! Makes any fishing rod 100% shinier. Just don't drop it in Vile Reef like the last guy. Who's in for 2 silver?

Ladies and gents, the ultimate beginner's essential: a Flimsy Chain Vest! Worn by a promising warrior who discovered that Silverpine Forest isn't a spa retreat. Who’s up to start with a solid 3 silver?

Up next, a Calico Belt! The height of peasant fashion. Last wrapped around a warlock who tried to summon a succubus in the middle of Goldshire. Talk about a party crasher. Let's cinch this deal starting at 2 silver.

Who wants a rare sight? A genuine Malachite! Used in jewelry, or, in the case of the previous owner, as a bribe for murlocs. Spoiler alert: It didn't work. Starting bids at 4 silver?

Here we've got the Light Hunting Bow. No guarantee on the light part, but it's perfect for those just starting their archery hobby. Previously owned by a hunter who tried to kite a Defias Pillager. Hot start at 5 silver?

Ah, the notorious Beaded Cord. Perfect for that tribal aesthetic. Previously worn by a shaman who mistook a wind totem for a lightning bolt against a pack of wolves. Let's bind this deal at 3 silver!

Get a grip with these Burnt Leather Grips! Ideal for a stylish adventurer. Last worn by a rogue who thought pickpocketing an ogre would be easy. Who's grabbing this deal starting at 2 silver?

Feast your eyes on this Tribal Blade. It's all about the aesthetic, folks! The previous troll found out the hard way that zeppelin rides aren't always safe. Let's carve out a starting bid of 4 silver!

For those chilly nights, a Rough Woolen Vest. Warm and stylish! Last worn by a priest who believed 'Spirit Tap' was an Azerothian beverage. Starting bid, a cozy 3 silver?

Anyone into fishing? Here's a Copper Fishing Line. Its previous owner tried to fish up Old Crafty in Orgrimmar on his first cast. Let's reel in the bids starting at 1 silver!

And last for this round, a dainty Laced Cloak. Perfect for any outing. It used to belong to a warlock who believed Shadowbolts were the same as fireworks. Let’s wrap things up starting at 2 silver.