Fleeting Fancy Footwear: Shoes that seem to make you run faster... backwards.
Purse of Perpetual Pennies: An ever-filling pouch, but only with the lowest denomination of coin.
Lingering Lucklocket: A necklace said to bring luck, but all it attracts are persistent door-to-door salesgoblins.
Bewildering Biscuit Box: A container full of cookies that always taste like something you just can't place.
Echoing Elixirth: A potion that, when drunk, makes you repeat the last word of every sentence. Sentence.
Vanishing Velvet Vest: A jacket that's so stylish, it occasionally disappears to attend other parties without you.
Boots of Bumbling Bounces: These will make you jump, but never in the direction you intend.
Goggles of Gratuitous Greetings: Forces the wearer to wave hello at every NPC they pass.
Doodad of Dubious Deals: A mysterious trinket that's constantly trying to sell itself to other players.
Helm of Hasty Hairdos: Randomly restyles your hair every time you take damage.
Pocketwatch of Peculiar Pacing: Tells the time, but always in a different time zone.
Girdle of Giggling Guts: Causes the wearer to chuckle uncontrollably when hit.
Earring of Endless Echo: Repeats everything you say, three seconds after you say it.
Robe of Random Rainbows: A beautiful robe that sporadically shoots rainbows in all directions.
Whisker-Woven Wallet: A coin purse made of cat whiskers that occasionally purrs when opened.
Candle of Curious Choruses: Sings instead of illuminates, but only goblin lullabies.
Ring of Ridiculous Riddles: Whispers perplexing riddles to the wearer, but never the answers.
Cloak of Continuous Coughing: A cloak that coughs loudly, ruining every stealth attempt.
Belt of Befuddling Bells: Jingles a tune but is always slightly out of key.
Muffler of Muted Mumbling: When equipped, all of your character's vocal emotes sound like incoherent mumbling.
Pendant of Puzzling Puns: Leaves the wearer making puns without realizing it.
Staff of Startling Serenades: Casts spells with a loud, off-tune song.
Tunic of Ticklish Textures: Causes sporadic fits of giggles when worn.
Slippers of Slippery Slopes: Makes even the flattest terrain feel like you're walking downhill.
Chalice of Chuckling Contents: Every sip from this cup is accompanied by a light-hearted giggle.
Bracers of Brazen Braying: These armguards emit donkey sounds whenever you swing your weapon.
Gloves of Glib Greetings: Handshakes last three times longer when wearing these.
Scepter of Silly Strutting: Your walk animation becomes an exaggerated strut with this equipped.
Brooch of Bumbling Bubbles: Creates harmless, floating bubbles around the user, popping on contact.
Pants of Peculiar Prancing: With every step, you dance a little jig.
Lantern of Ludicrous Limericks: Lights up dark places while reciting off-color limericks.
Buckler of Boisterous Boos: Any blocked attack results in the shield loudly booing the attacker.
Kettle of Kitschy Kitten Calls: Brews tea while constantly meowing.
Dagger of Droll Dramatics: Every successful strike is accompanied by over-the-top theater effects.
Amulet of Awkward Applause: Breaks out into clapping at inappropriate moments.
Wand of Waggling Whiskers: This magical wand sprouts cat whiskers that constantly wiggle.
Hat of Hilarious Hiccups: Induces a case of the hiccups in anyone who sees it.
Flute of Flippant Frogs: Every note summons a tiny frog that croaks a tune.
Sandals of Sassy Snap-backs: These shoes have a retort for every comment.
Bow of Bizarre Balloons